now it came to pass when men began to
now it came to pass when men began to multiply on the face of the earth and
multiply on the face of the earth and
multiply on the face of the earth and daughters were born to them that the
daughters were born to them that the
daughters were born to them that the sons of God saw the daughters of men
sons of God saw the daughters of men
sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were beautiful and they took
that they were beautiful and they took
that they were beautiful and they took wives for themselves of all whom they
wives for themselves of all whom they
wives for themselves of all whom they chose and the Lord said my spirit shall
chose and the Lord said my spirit shall
chose and the Lord said my spirit shall not strive with man for ever for he is
not strive with man for ever for he is
not strive with man for ever for he is indeed flesh yet his days shall be 120
indeed flesh yet his days shall be 120
indeed flesh yet his days shall be 120 years there were giants on the earth in
years there were giants on the earth in
years there were giants on the earth in those days and also afterward when the
those days and also afterward when the
those days and also afterward when the sons of God came into the daughters of
sons of God came into the daughters of
sons of God came into the daughters of men and they bought children to them
men and they bought children to them
men and they bought children to them those were the mighty men who were of
those were the mighty men who were of
those were the mighty men who were of old men of renown then the Lord saw that
old men of renown then the Lord saw that
old men of renown then the Lord saw that the wickedness of man was great in the
the wickedness of man was great in the
the wickedness of man was great in the earth and that every intent of the
earth and that every intent of the
earth and that every intent of the thoughts of his heart was only evil
thoughts of his heart was only evil
thoughts of his heart was only evil continually and the Lord was sorry that
continually and the Lord was sorry that
continually and the Lord was sorry that he had made man on the earth and he was
he had made man on the earth and he was
he had made man on the earth and he was grieved in his heart I will destroy man
grieved in his heart I will destroy man
grieved in his heart I will destroy man whom I have created from the face of the
whom I have created from the face of the
whom I have created from the face of the earth both man and beast creeping thing
earth both man and beast creeping thing
earth both man and beast creeping thing and birds of the air for I am sorry that
and birds of the air for I am sorry that
and birds of the air for I am sorry that I have made them
I have made them
I have made them [Music]
[Music]
[Music] but Noah found grace in the eyes of the
but Noah found grace in the eyes of the
but Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord this is the genealogy of Noah Noah
Lord this is the genealogy of Noah Noah
Lord this is the genealogy of Noah Noah was a just man perfect in his
was a just man perfect in his
was a just man perfect in his generations Noah walked with God and
generations Noah walked with God and
generations Noah walked with God and Noah begat three sons Shem ham and
Noah begat three sons Shem ham and
Noah begat three sons Shem ham and Japheth the earth also was corrupt
Japheth the earth also was corrupt
Japheth the earth also was corrupt before God and the earth was filled with
before God and the earth was filled with
before God and the earth was filled with violence
violence
violence so God looked upon the earth and indeed
so God looked upon the earth and indeed
so God looked upon the earth and indeed it was corrupt for all flesh had
it was corrupt for all flesh had
it was corrupt for all flesh had corrupted their way on the earth and God
corrupted their way on the earth and God
corrupted their way on the earth and God said to Noah the end of all flesh has
said to Noah the end of all flesh has
said to Noah the end of all flesh has come before me for the earth is filled
come before me for the earth is filled
come before me for the earth is filled with violence through them and behold I
with violence through them and behold I
with violence through them and behold I will destroy them with the earth make
will destroy them with the earth make
will destroy them with the earth make yourself an ark of gopher wood make
yourself an ark of gopher wood make
yourself an ark of gopher wood make rules in the Ark and cover it inside and
rules in the Ark and cover it inside and
rules in the Ark and cover it inside and outside with pitch and this is how you
outside with pitch and this is how you
outside with pitch and this is how you shall make it the length of the ark
shall make it the length of the ark
shall make it the length of the ark shall be 300 cubits its width 50 cubits
shall be 300 cubits its width 50 cubits
shall be 300 cubits its width 50 cubits and its height 30 cubits you shall make
and its height 30 cubits you shall make
and its height 30 cubits you shall make a window for the ark and you shall
a window for the ark and you shall
a window for the ark and you shall finish it to a cubit from above and set
finish it to a cubit from above and set
finish it to a cubit from above and set the door of the Ark in its side you
the door of the Ark in its side you
the door of the Ark in its side you shall make it with lower second and
shall make it with lower second and
shall make it with lower second and dicks and behold I myself am bringing
dicks and behold I myself am bringing
dicks and behold I myself am bringing floodwaters on the earth to destroy from
floodwaters on the earth to destroy from
floodwaters on the earth to destroy from under heaven all flesh in which is the
under heaven all flesh in which is the
under heaven all flesh in which is the breath of life everything that is on
breath of life everything that is on
breath of life everything that is on earth shall die but I will establish my
earth shall die but I will establish my
earth shall die but I will establish my covenant with you and you shall go into
covenant with you and you shall go into
covenant with you and you shall go into the ark you your sons your wife and your
the ark you your sons your wife and your
the ark you your sons your wife and your sons wives with you and though every
sons wives with you and though every
sons wives with you and though every living thing of all flesh you shall
living thing of all flesh you shall
living thing of all flesh you shall bring two of every sort into the ark to
bring two of every sort into the ark to
bring two of every sort into the ark to keep them alive with you there shall be
keep them alive with you there shall be
keep them alive with you there shall be male and female of the birds after their
male and female of the birds after their
male and female of the birds after their kind of animals after their kind and of
kind of animals after their kind and of
kind of animals after their kind and of every creeping thing of the earth after
every creeping thing of the earth after
every creeping thing of the earth after its kind two of every kind will come to
its kind two of every kind will come to
its kind two of every kind will come to you to keep them alive and you shall
you to keep them alive and you shall
you to keep them alive and you shall take for yourself of all food that is
take for yourself of all food that is
take for yourself of all food that is eaten and you shall gather it to
eaten and you shall gather it to
eaten and you shall gather it to yourself and it shall be food for you
yourself and it shall be food for you
yourself and it shall be food for you and for them
[Music]
[Music] Plus see what did according to all that
Plus see what did according to all that
Plus see what did according to all that God commanded him so he did
God commanded him so he did
God commanded him so he did [Music]